# Local Installation of Synnax

There are two different versions of Synnax that can be installed. The first
version, the Synnax server, should be installed and run by the computer that is
hosting the server. The second version, the Synnax console, is a desktop
application that should be installed and run on any computer looking to use
Synnax. Both of these can be found on the [Synnax releases
page](https://github.com/synnaxlabs/synnax/releases). Note that the servers are
labeled Synnax vX.X.X, and the console versions are labeled Synnax __Console__
vX.X.X. Information on how to install and run the server is covered in the
Synnax Deployment documentation page [link].

To install the latest version of the console, download the appropriate file for
your operating system on the console page. Run the latest version of the
installer. Trust the file and run the installer. You should then be able to
launch the Synnax console from your computer. You should see the following page
below.

%%%% Insert homepage image here %%%%

To connect to a cluster, first click the "Connect a Cluster" button. The
following window should then pop up:

%%%% Insert "connect a cluster" popup box %%%%

Fill in the login details for the cluster you are trying to connect to. If you
are connecting to the local cluster, the Name will be the name used for
launchign the cluster, the Host will be localhost, the port will be 9090. The
default parameters for Username are synnax and Password is seldon. If other
options were chosen to launch the cluster, use those options instead.
%%%% Get what these things actually mean from Emiliano

%% Insert paragraph on what a workspace is

%% Note on managing multiple workspaces

To visualize data in your workspace, there are two main types of visualizations.
The first is called a "Line Plot", and is a line graph that allows you to plot
line charts together. The second type of view is called a "PID view". This,
which stands for piping and instrumentation diagram, allows you to make a
schematic of your system with live values that pop up on it. Other 